I just found a brand new AI tool that
makes it easier than ever before to not
only build but also to connect together
AI agents. In fact, this is currently
the fastest growing platform to connect
AI agents in the world because it's the
most affordable, it's the easiest to
use, and it's more accurate and reliable
than most other tools. By the end of
this video, you're going to know exactly
what it is, how to use it, and some
crazy use cases you could use this for.
Now, that new AI tool that I'm talking
about is going to be SIM AI. Because as
we can see right here, once you get into
Sim, this allows you to begin building
out agents immediately. We could come
over here and see that this is its
default agent right here where we could
open it up in a new tab. We could rename
it. We could change the color. We could
lock it. We could duplicate it. Do all
of this. So, I'm going to name this test
agent right here because this is what
this is going to be. I'm basically going
to be showing you exactly how this works
right here. So, we can see from right
here that there are several different
commands that we could do. We could go
through and search blocks. We could look
at the logs. We could look at a new
agent. We could look at templates. Or we
could come over here and we could do a
bunch of different things. For example,
under co-pilot right here, if we click
on this and start a new chat, we could
see that we could actually use this to
help us debug workflows, to optimize
workflows, to help build a workflow, and
even to just chat with it. We could
plan, we could search, we could ask it
to build anything for us. If we come
over into the toolbar right here, we
could see all the different triggers
that we're able to start with. for
example, scheduling something out or
using all of these different
integrations that they have in order to
start things. For example, you could get
this to start when you get a WhatsApp
message or whatever you want. In
addition to that, you can add in all of
these different blocks here for things
like memory loops, knowledge, human in
the loop, agent, APIs, conditions, or
all of these different tools and all of
these different integrations right here.
And there are literally hundreds of
them, if not thousands. And if we come
over into editor right here, this is
where you'll actually be able to edit
different blocks that you've created.
What's actually pretty cool is that if
you need other integrations set up or
created, you could actually email Sim
and they'll do it for you. On top of
that, they have tons of different
templates. If we come over into the
lefth hand side right here, where you
could actually go through and search for
all of these different templates, for
example, automated Gmail labeling or
they have one for lead generation or
they have one for a PDF content
extractor. And we could see that there
are literally tons of these so that you
could spin up these in minutes. On top
of that, you could literally build out
and use these templates to sell
automations in a really short period of
time. What I really love about these is
honestly this platform is way easier to
use than something like Naden and just a
lot more reliable. So, let's come over
into the co-pilot right here. And I want
to actually build out an agent. So, what
I'm going to do is come over here and
say I want to build an agent that
operates on a schedule every day at 9:00
a.m. It should look at this website
right here to see what new AI news has
been released. From there, it should
come up with three different YouTube
titles I should make the content on, and
it should provide me with the titles,
the script for a 10 to 12 minute video,
a 1 to two sentence description, and
tags that I should be able to add into
my video. Now, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to change this over to Opus
4.6. We could upload images if we wanted
to. We could click on build or ask if we
wanted to. For the sake of this, I'm
going to click on build. And now we're
actually going to be able to go through
here. And this is going to think and
walk us through and help us actually
create this right here. Now, just like
this, this went through this thought.
And we can see everything that it
actually did here. So, it went through
and actually looked at the website,
scraped the website in order to
understand what it needs to do. And now,
it's actually going through and it is
going to create this app. What I'm going
to do is I'm going to click on always
allow right here. And this is actually
going to go through and this is going to
begin to actually build out everything
that needs to be built in order for us
to actually be able to automate this,
which is pretty crazy that it's able to
do this just from the co-pilot right
here. And again, if we wanted to
customize anything, we would be able to
build this out custom, too, by simply
just coming over here and adding in
different schedules, different blocks,
different triggers, and all of that.
Okay, so now we can see that this is now
literally going through and this is
inserting everything that needs to be
inserted right here. So, it literally
thought through everything that needed
to be done. Now, this is actually going
through and this is making all of these
changes here. And I'm just literally
going through and accepting all these
different changes. And then I'll show
you what this looks like when this is
completely done cuz we're going to have
everything that we need. And we can see
that we could come in here. We can edit
these however we want right here. And we
could choose what kind of operation this
is going to do. We can see that it
actually pulled in the website right
here. We can see that this is now adding
in this content creator AI agent right
here. We could choose what model. We
could choose what tools this going to
have access to, what skills this is
going to have, if it's going to have any
memory, if we want things responded in a
specific way right here. And this now
literally just went through and built
this entire thing out. And we could just
go through, we could customize the shell
of this however we want. And now we have
this automation built out for us. And I
mean, look at this. This is literally
even going through and putting in here
the system prompt and then what the user
actually wants here, which is incredible
that this is building out literally this
entire process. And now we can just
customize it however we want. And we can
see that this is now built. We have our
starter block. We have our scraper. We
have our content engine right here. This
is everything that it's going to do. So
we do need to actually go through and
get an API key in order to actually do
this. And we can see that we could get a
free API key right here. I'm going to go
do that. And then I'm going to test
this. and then this should be ready to
deploy. Okay, so we can see that I've
now set this up. I've clicked on run in
the top lefthand corner right here. We
can see that the starter went through
and this is going through this.
Obviously, I got this to run manually,
so it's just going to run through this.
We could see that the scrape went
through and did this. Now, the content
creator is running next. And these logs
are awesome because you could see how
quickly everything ran, where it's
currently at. And this makes it
incredibly easy to be able to fix
things, to be able to debug anything.
and let's actually see what this output
looks like. Okay, so now we can see
exactly what this output is right here.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to
actually copy this information right
here. And I'm going to put this in a
document just so we could easily read
it. But essentially what you would want
to do is have some type of output that
the user would be able to get here. So
I'd want to add in like a send an email
or send a Slack or send a text message
or a WhatsApp message so the user is
actually getting that output. And I have
to be honest, I am incredibly impressed
by this. So I put in the first two video
concepts here. We also have the third
one, but we can see that this literally
gave us 12 pages of output. So this went
through, came up with a title here, gave
us a script, and this is actually a
script for a 10 12minute video. I tried
doing the same thing in NAN and it
didn't actually give me a script that
was long enough. And I can't believe
that this did this. This is actually
incredible. Gives us the description,
gives us the tags, comes on to the next
video here. And as we could see, these
are all based off of things that are
actually AI news and relevant. So, this
is great. Now, before I show you a bunch
of things that I would strongly
recommend that you automate using this
tool, I wanted to remind you that you
could go to the pin comment below and
get started with Simai today because I
guarantee you there's a bunch of things
that you or your team are currently
doing manually right now that you guys
could get automated in the next few
minutes by using this tool. Now, the
next thing I want to show you is
actually going to be something from a
template over here. So if we come over
here into templates, we could see that
there is a lead generation template and
I want to show you what this actually
looks like. So if we come over here,
this tells us exactly what this workflow
is. So this workflow could be run either
manually or in a chat. Basically it
intakes a specific audience segment to
search across. Then it populates a
spreadsheet and the specific lead
information and drafts an email to that
lead with the custom message.
Additionally, this workflow ensures that
there are no duplicates that get added
to the spreadsheet after actually
looking at this. And in order to
actually do this, you're going to need
Google Sheet and Outlook credentials.
So, we're going to come over here. We're
going to click on use template right
here. And what this is actually going to
allow us to do now is come into this
after it builds it out. And we will be
able to customize this. We could zoom in
on this by simply just coming over here.
But we can see that first we have our
start, which is where we're going to put
our inputs. This person also put notes
here, which is awesome. But essentially,
we'll be able to come over here, we
could edit this however we want, and we
could change this. So we can see that we
have this searcher right here. Then from
here, this is going to go through. This
is going to grab the leads. This is
where you're going to be able to
populate this and connect your Google
account and connect it to a specific
spreadsheet right here. This is then
going to dduplicate this. Then this is
going to come over here. This is then
going to populate our Google sheet. And
then from here, this is actually going
to go through and write out the email.
And we could see exactly how that
happens here. Then this is going to get
added into Outlook. And again, we'll be
able to add in our Outlook account
literally just by clicking on connect
Microsoft account. And then this will
actually take us through exactly how to
connect all of these. And then
instantly, we're going to have a lead
generation machine. Now, the next use
case I want to show you is actually
going to be another really useful one,
which is going to be a resume screen
right here. So, if we come over here
into this template, we could see that
from here, we could see exactly how this
works. This is actually going to go
through and monitor your inbox for
specific things. So, we can see the
setup instructions down here too, which
is incredibly useful. But basically, you
would want to get this to monitor for
when there's a specific keyword for this
going to be resume inside of an email.
Then we can see right here, this is
going to go through and this is going to
use mistrol in order to actually go
through and parse the resume. You'll
have to add in your API key in order to
actually get this set up. Then, if we
come over here, this is going to be the
candidate research agent. So you're an
elite technical recruiter for SIM AI.
Obviously, you would change all this
criteria for your own situation and
whatever use case you're going to use
this for. Then this goes through and
actually posts to the hiring channel the
opinion about what the resume is going
to be. And then we can see over here,
this is also going to reply with any
details to that post that it just put in
there. And if we come back over to
templates here, they have so many
different agents that you can build out
and you can use that are incredibly
helpful. For example, they have this one
right here, which is a GitHub release
spot. This will go through and actually
automate the creation and announcement
of different GitHub releases for
different repositories that you want
created. If we come back over here, you
can see that this one here allows you to
automatically reply to jobs. Over here,
you simply just enter the company name.
This chatbot automatically is going to
research if the company has any opening.
It's going to draft a cover letter
accordingly, then searches for the
company's career email or HR and then
sends them an email from your Gmail
account. They have so many different
templates here that I would strongly
suggest that you go through and you get
started with today because they have
templates for everything. And then, like
I said, if you simply just come over
here and we open up a new workflow right
here and get started with this, we could
build out anything that you want with
all of these different integrations by
just simply coming over here and
describing in plain English exactly what
you want to automate. And this tool
makes it incredibly easy to do that. And
you could use this for yourself to
automate your work. You could get your
team doing this so that they're
operating at 10x leverage. Or what I
would personally do if I were you is I
would become an expert at this tool
right here. Get used to all these
different templates and then build out
automations for specific business
verticals. Then go ahead and sell that
to different businesses, two different
business owners. Or you could even sell
it to individuals that want to be able
to automate specific tasks, but they
don't actually want to go through and
understand how to do this inside of a
tool like this. Now, if you enjoyed this
video, I would strongly suggest you
check out this video right here that
walks you through five other AI tools
that I personally use every day and
can't live without. If that sounds
interesting, check it out right